fix: add create agent, handlers and reply types (#1081)
novuhq/docs: content/docs/agents/setup-your-agent/connect-providers.mdx

pageTitle: 'Novu Agents Connect Providers'
description: 'Connect channels and third-party providers to your Novu Agent.'
---

> Once an agent is created, providers can be connected to the agent. This page will guide you through how to connect first provider to the agent and then later on extend the agent to connect more providers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once an agent is created, providers can be connected to the agent. This page guides you through how to connect first provider to the agent and then later on extend the agent to connect more providers.
```
